### Feedback and decisions
We received a lot of support on our decision to pivot; people thought that it was both interesting and feasible. Regarding our key question for how to most effectively keep track of the pixels we passed over, most people agreed that the giant matrix was the best way to go (which was something we hadn’t considered before). We plan on implementing this idea. We will have to think about how to store different values for different colors in the matrix. We also want to look into what is most computationally expensive in our code after implementing this and seeing if there is a way to optimize it. Someone brought up a way to prevent needing two cursors for two different colors by having only one ball and a color bank at the top so when the user uses the ball to tap the color in the color bank, the line changes to that color. This shouldn’t be too difficult to incorporate if we put the color bank at known pixel locations. 

### Review process reflection
The review went extremely well and we got a lot of good ideas on how to go forward with our project. We provided enough context for the audience to understand why we pivoted and what we pivoted to. The prototype demonstration was extremely useful because it helped the audience immediately understand what we were trying to explain. We stuck pretty closely to our planned agenda, but for next time, we think it would have been more effective to show our prototype and then ask algorithmic questions so the audience has context for the questions. 
